---
id: 1401
title: Moments
date: '2015-10-01T18:57:47-04:00'
author: zacharyzacharyccom
layout: post
guid: 'https://zacharyc.com/?p=1401'
permalink: /2015/10/01/moments/
restapi_import_id:
    - 5b3546f08dfe0
categories:
    - Personal
tags:
    - dtbg
    - moments
---

My company is awesome. Check it out: [SalesforceIQ.com](http://www.salesforceiq.com). Beyond the product we build our company is based on four company values:

- People
- Moments
- Ideas
- Results

Each of these values is important to the company and also personally to me. I wonder if this is why I’m so happy working with my team.

In relation to my own professional development I had a conversation with one of the company’s founders recently and he told me a story about why moments was such an important value to him. He story really connected with me and I wanted to share it with you.

He had been working for someone else for one of only a few times in his life. He is a constant entrepreneur. If you’ve ever met Adam you feel the intensity he gives off. Apparently he was applying it to his job and his boss was concerned he might have been driving too hard without perspective for the accomplishments. She gave him this analogy.

> Imagine you are a tenacious mountain climber. You are climbing a fictitious peak that never ends. No matter how hard and how far you climb it just keeps going up. You are fine and keep climbing with it and don’t have to stop, but if you don’t stop every once in a while to turn around and look at the view, what is the point?

See, our lives are like the mountain. We don’t know when or how they are going to end. Many of us are driven by internal forces. Adam’s point in telling me this story was that I needed to stop and look around, appreciate all that we have achieved.