---
id: 2481
title: 'Year in Review 2021'
date: '2022-01-04T02:40:27-05:00'
author: zacharyc
layout: post
guid: 'https://zacharyc.com/?p=2481'
permalink: /2022/01/04/year-in-review-2021/
categories:
    - Uncategorized
---

Each year, at the beginning of the new year, I take stock of what happened last year and think forward about what I hope to accomplish this year. Usually this culminates with some sort of resolution to attack more of something.

This year is about less.

I do too much, I stress too much and I work myself in too many different directions. This makes it hard for me to fully realize success in any one direction. That’s why the next year’s goal: determine what is important and more forward with less, will be a real challenge for me.

Looking back at last year accomplishments

- Officially move the East Coast as my permanent residence.
- Really invest in my relationship with my girlfriend (who is really rather special).
- Road trip across the country to attend my best friend’s wedding in California.
- Do a less than 48 hour trip to the west coast to be a part of a great company party.
- Attend the Newport Folk Festival.
- Start a more regular group of Newport Acroyogis.
- Start frequenting an amazing coffee shop and proceed to tell everyone about it.
- Adopt a wonderful Puppy.
- Do a sail delivery for the first time and get some real experience on the open waters.
- Pack and leave for a couple months of Van Life.

This year has been chock full of wonderful events and wonderful experiences. There is a bunch more that I’m forgetting, but it has been a full year.

There are many great challenges coming up for me, so I won’t dwell on the past. Expect more exciting news upcoming.