---
title: "2024 Review, 2025 Preview"
date: 2025-02-10T14:57:13-08:00
draft: false
cover:
  image: "/assets/img/2025/02/field-notes.png"
  alt: "Collection of field notes notebooks from 2024"
  caption: ""
  relative: false
---

Welcome to the year 2025! This is my annual report on the year and a refocus on the upcoming year. This post is about my life and, therefore, is personal and not scientific.

The past year (2024) was both excellent and challenging. It's awesome because I got to start working with one of my favorite people again, and it's challenging because I'm asked to do a bunch of new things at work, and the world around us has shifted in a way I wouldn't prefer.

## The Notebooks

### 2023 in Review

My daily carry includes pocket notebooks. This year, I used seven Field Notes Brand notebooks.

- Number 53 - Birch Bark
- Number 54 - Deadest Prints Draplin
- Number 55 - Mackinaw Autumn
- Number 56 - MxLxBxD Edition
- Number 57 - Heartland
- Number 58 - DDC Irregular
- Number 59 - DDC Irregular

I also journal semi-regularly in Hobonichi Techo, as I have in years past. However, unlike in years past, I wrote a lot more. I tried hard not to miss days.

In reviewing my notes from this past year, I've found:

- Habit graphs of me trying to track my habits.
- Notes around my choice to leave my coaching position at Salve.
- Drawing Tree sketches
- Checklists of daily tasks
- Daily tasks and goals
- Basketball game scores.
- This is an ASCII art drawing of Gluey the Penguin.
- Hand Drawn maps
- Reflections on the Election

In addition to my journal and daily carry field notes series this year, I used several notebooks. I used a Muji Double Ring-bound notebook and another field notebook for the Gluino Project. In addition to my day job, I did some farming and used another field notebook to track my hours and tasks.

I also painted some with watercolor Moleskine.

All in all, this was a good year for my paper usage.

## Last Years Goals

The main goal from last year was to be **clean**.

In short, I've made progress, but I'm not done. This year, I cleaned my apartment and had friends come by. I built out some storage on the wall with some woodworking. I've hired a cleaner to come in and clean my apartment regularly, and I've started to organize some of the more critical tasks for the future.

Still, there are areas of my life where I have too much excess, which is keeping me from being as clean as I want to be. I also want to set up a chore sheet to improve.

Breaking it down by the categories listed:

- Home - I downsized even more and organized a bunch, but I'm still not done.
- Car—I've attempted to clean my car more, but it still needs work. There have been times when it has been much cleaner than in years past, but I still have work to do.
- Fitness & Food: I've made progress without reaching the ideal. My diet needs more work, but I'm doing better than I did last year.
- Coding and Projects: My goal was to reduce the number of projects I worked on. I wasn't super successful at this, but I took on many projects and finished more of them.

Regarding habits, 2024 was a strong year for at least some habits. I made it to the gym for my cardio almost every day in the year (this has since fallen off as I have started this new year with a van trip that has made that hard), and I did a bunch of reading and coding. Honestly, I am proud.

## Achievements in 2024

I started working with one of my best friends on a company I believe in, [Gluino](https://www.gluino.io). We are doing some enjoyable things, and I'm excited to share more of them as we go through 2025.

I also lost thirty pounds through hard work and dedication. Going to the gym nearly every day and working out helped me shed some weight. Only about an hour on the elliptical helped me.

I taught acroyoga throughout the year and started to get a stronger community. My class members also got MUCH stronger, and we progressed in our practice.

I survived another delivery on the eastern seaboard. Grace successfully carried four of us from Newport, RI, to Miami, Florida, in about six days of ocean time. Thanks to our onboard chef, Tommy, who did most of the cooking, the food was exceptional this trip.

## 2025 Goals

Here are the goals in no particular order:

- Continue to lose weight (heading to sub 200).
- Get my 5k under 30 minutes (yes, that is running).
- Sew more backpacks, pouches, and products.
- Help Gluino grow this year.
- Go to more acro classes in Boston!
- Work on watercolors and photography
- Focus on capturing instead of culling when taking notes.
- Grow professionally
- Get off of Wordpress for as many of my projects as possible.
- Get one or more apps in the app store with my name.

If this list seems random, it's because that's the type of person I am. I'm often all over the place, and this list is an accurate representation of that. Still, we are about a month and a half in, and I'm already making progress towards some of these.
